the sons of Judah were Pires hezron
Carmi her and Shobha and Rihanna the son
of Shobha forgot J half and J hath begat
a human and later these were the
families of the szura fights these were
the sons of the father of Eton Jezreel
ish ma and eid bash and the name of
their sister was has allowed Pune and
Anu L was the father of Kido and easie
was the father of Hugh sure these were
the sons of her the first born of a
father the father of Bethlehem and Asha
the father of Toccoa had two wives Gila
and Neera Neera for him a Hewes am keifa
team and I and heya hashed awry these
were the sons of naira the sons of
healer was 0th Zohar and Ethne and cars
begat Anil though Bieber and the
families of a ha the son of Haven now
jay-bez was more honorable than his
brothers and his mother called his name
jay-bez saying because I bore him in
pain and jay-bez called on the God of
Israel saying oh that you would bless me
indeed and enlarge my territory that
your hand would be with me and that you
would keep me from evil that I may not
cause pain
so God granted him what he requested
Caleb the brother of schewe begat me her
who was the father of Ashton and ish fan
bhagat Beth rafer pasilla and tahina the
father of earn a hush these were the men
of Rica the sons of kinas were earth
Niall and Sarah the sons of earth Niall
were Haifa and Maranatha who begat a fur
Sariah the got Joey the father of D
Harrison for they were craftsmen the
sons of Caleb the son of Jephunneh were
ira ela and nail the son of Allah was
kinas the sons of jihad ll was if cypher
teria and acero the sons of Ezra were
Chifa me read Aoife and Jalen and Mira's
wife bore Miriam shaii i and ich burn
the father of ashta maha his wife dead
hugh de jure for gr8 the father of ghido
Heba the father of Sokka and chiku Thea
the father of Z Noah and these were the
sons of be fear the daughter of Pharaoh
who merely took the sons of hadiya's
wife the sister of Nahum were the
fathers of key ila the gamma and of
Ashton Miller the Mayock aside and the
sons of Shimon were Amnon Rinna Ben
Hainan and Tyler and the sons of issue I
was so heavy and benzo Heth the sons of
Shilla the son of Judah were earth the
father of Lika later the father of
Moorish
and the families of the house of the
linen workers of the house of ash beer
also joking the men of cozy bar and
chill ash cereth who ruled in lower and
Joshu by Liam now the records are
ancient these were the Potters and those
who dwell at night a.m. and Khedira
there they dwelt with the King for his
work the sons of Simeon when mu L Kaman
J rib Zira and Shore Shalem his son
libsyn his son and Mishra his son and
the sons of Mishima were Hemi well his
son Zakhar his son and shamea his son
Jimmy I had 16 sons and six daughters
but his brothers did not have many
children nor did any of their families
multiply as much as the children of
Judah they dwelt at Beersheba mo leader
Heiser shul Bilhah ISM to lad Beth hule
former Ziklag beth maachah buff huzzah
Susan Beth Bri and at chez array these
were their cities until the reign of
David and their villages were eaten ein
women token and Asian five cities and
all the villages that were around these
cities as far as bail these were their
dwelling places and they maintained
their genealogy Micheaux bad Jam lek and
Joe sure the son of Amaziah Joelle and
ki who the son of Josh abaya the son of
Sarai the son of a CE o le o ni Jericho
ba Joshua hyah Isaiah
a DL J Samia and benaiah
zai sir the son of shy Phi the son of
Alan the son of Judaea the son of shem
rey the son of shem mayor these
mentioned by name were leaders in their
families and their father's house
increased greatly so they went to the
entrance of kiddo as far as the east
side of the valley to seek pasture for
their flocks and they found rich good
pasture and the land was broad quiet and
peaceful for some hay mites formerly
lived there these recorded by name came
in the days of Hezekiah king of Judah
and they attacked their tents and the me
unites who were found there and utterly
destroyed them as it is to this day
so they dwelt in their place because
there was pasture for their flocks there
now some of them 500 men of the sons of
Simeon went to Mount Seir having as
their captains fell attire near Ryan
raffia and Isaiah the sons of issue and
they defeated the rest of the Amalekites
who had escaped
they have dwelt there to this day
you